I think it's very important to be
extremely thoughtful about how does this
new technology affect all humans.
Running a tech company at a very high
pace is not for the faint of heart.
Doing it right and making sure that even
though it's everyone has to move really
really fast, do so responsibly.
Lovable lets anyone take an idea for
software and build it themselves by
having a conversation with our platform.
We're in the business [music]
of unlocking new economies.
Empowering every human out there who
wants to create something.
What is unlocked by Anthropic and
Lovable working together? Since
everything's been exploding, there's
been more support and more interactions
between our teams. We've gotten
dedicated people from the Anthropic team
that works with us. It starts feeling
more like we're building something
together [music] than just a customer
vendor relationship.
We launched this product 2 months ago.
User growth has been really good.
Needless to say, I think we are all
standing in front of a generational
shift.
>> My advice to founders working with
Anthropic would be to dig into a
partnership and ask for help and spend
time with the team because these are
humans that actually really care.
So, I've heard you say the most
underrated note in AI is trust.
Something that I think is very very rare
in AI is a trusted brand that people
love and [music] keep going back to. And
to have that trusted brand,
that's not something that you magically
>> [music]
>> achieve.
>> It's really warming my heart feeling the
exciting things everyone is building.
>> [applause]
>> One of the values we have at Lovable is
to care deeply,
constantly be obsessed [music] and think
about what do our customers need, what
do they want. It's about the [music]
craft and the every detail of what
you're doing when you're improving your
product experience [music] and making
sure to make this like super hard topic
of software development simple.
I'm super excited about this world where
more things are possible. [music] There
is fundamentally more human agency
that's unlocked when frictions for
starting a company and building your
product they [music] they start
disappearing.
I think we're entering a an era where
there [music] are more societal problems
that are getting solved. We're seeing
that live with millions of people
building on top of our platform.